Address inconsistency user settings on Mac/Linux (#2826)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior.md

| Scope | `NuGet.Config` file location | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Solution | Current folder (aka Solution folder) or any folder up to the drive root.| In a solution folder, settings apply to all projects in subfolders. Note that if a config file is placed in a project folder, it has no effect on that project. |
| User | **Windows:** `%appdata%\NuGet\NuGet.Config`<br/>**Mac/Linux:** `~/.config/NuGet/NuGet.Config` or `~/.nuget/NuGet/NuGet.Config` (varies by tooling) <br/>Additional configs are supported on all platforms. These configs cannot be edited by the tooling. </br> **Windows:** `%appdata%\NuGet\config\*.Config` <br/>**Mac/Linux:** `~/.config/NuGet/config/*.config` or `~/.nuget/config/*.config` | Settings apply to all operations, but are overridden by any project-level settings. |
| Computer | **Windows:** `%ProgramFiles(x86)%\NuGet\Config`<br/>**Mac/Linux:** `$XDG_DATA_HOME`. If `$XDG_DATA_HOME` is null or empty, `~/.local/share` or `/usr/local/share` will be used (varies by OS distribution)  | Settings apply to all operations on the computer, but are overridden by any user- or project-level settings. |

> [!Note]

> > On Mac/Linux, the user config file location varies by tooling. Dotnet CLI uses `~/.nuget/NuGet` folder, while Mono uses `~/.config/NuGet` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On Mac/Linux, the user config file location varies by tooling. .NET CLI uses `~/.nuget/NuGet` folder, while Mono uses `~/.config/NuGet` folder. 
```

> ### On Mac/Linux, the user-level config file location varies by tooling. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### On Mac/Linux, the user-level config file location varies by tooling
```

> On Mac/Linux, the user config file location varies by tooling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing! Is there a way to reference this part if it's not a heading level? As NuGet.exe command needs to add a reference to this part.

Reviewer 3: the suggested change is not on the heading, it's on the line after the heading that repeats what the heading already says

Reviewer: The header is great and I just removed the duplicate line.

> Majority users uses tools looking for user config file under `~/.nuget/NuGet` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Majority of users use tools that look for the user config file under the `~/.nuget/NuGet` folder. 
```

> While following tools look for user config files under `~/.config/NuGet` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These other tools look for the user config file under the `~/.config/NuGet` folder:
```

* Mono
* NuGet.exe
* Visual Studio 2019 for Mac (and earlier versions)
* Visual Studio 2022 for Mac (and later versions), only when working on classic Mono projects.

> If the tooling you use involves both locations, consolidating them by following steps allows you to work with only one user-level config file:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tooling you use involves both locations, consider consolidating them by following these steps to allow you to work with only one user-level config file:  
```
